Please read the following instructions VERY carefully! 

Weekly Scheduling allows you to make up to 15 different weekly tasks and helps you to make 
reasonable weekly planners with estimation of the workload based on performances in the past 
weeks. You can also add one-time event for the next three weeks if such event is not desired 
routinely. This program manages your calendar in only one direction by accepting feedbacks but 
not deleting any previous ones from the previous weeks once you tell us you want to save the 
feedback! You might NOT want to make repetitive or wrong feedbacks to affect how the program 
helps you to make useful calendar! If you accidentally made wrong feedbacks, don't worry! Just 
delete the current task and create a new one with your best estimation of the predicted workload.

We provide three weeks of calendar from this week, assuming that your past performances on tasks 
in the recent three to four weeks are the most representative ones (that means whatever predicted
workload you have right now will mainly affect your calendar in the next three weeks but not 
forever because workload changes over time). Although you do not have to create one-time event,
please make at least one weekly task for us to generate a valid and useful weekly schedule for you!

The following instructions guide you through how to use Weekly Scheduling, hope you enjoy!

***Settings Page
    1) Save: click on 'Save' to save the current settings (does not make new calendar);
    2) Calendar Preference: click on calendar preference to choose mode;
    3) Meal time: click on meal time to choose hours of meal time.

***Input Page
    1) Create: click on 'Create' to create tasks, please do not give repetitive names to tasks;
    2) Delete: click on 'Delete' to delete any tasks no longer needed;
    3) Customize: click on 'Customize' to make one-time events;
    4) Save: click on 'Save' to save your current plan and make a new calendar!

***Customize Page (inside input page)
    1) Create: press and release mouse to choose time period for one-time events;
    2) Delete: click on cell to delete any events no longer needed.

***Feedback Page
    1) Task List: click on tasks in the task list to make weekly feedbacks (one time per week);
    2) Difficult: click on boxes under 'Difficult' if you think certain tasks are difficult;
    3) Important: click on boxes under 'Important' if you think certain tasks are important;
    4) Save: click on 'Save' to save your current plan and make a new calendar (once you click on 
            'Save', the program automatically moves you to the next week, so please be careful).

***Calendar Page
    1) Calendar: click on cells in calendar to see information of the task;
    2) Download: click on 'Download' to take a snapshot and download the current calendar!
